STEREOIZER PRIVACY POLICY

===============================================================================
WHAT INFORMATION IS THERE?

This software alone has no special access to any of your information. However,
this software is most frequently used in the context of Google Hangouts, which
provides this software to access to the following elements of information about
you:
	* Your full name, as registered with your Google account.
	* Your locale (or language).
	* Whether or not you have a microphone and camera installed,
		* and if so, your video and/or audio feed.
	* Your Google account icon.
	* Your Google+ profile information, which includes such things as:
		* Gender
		* Occupation
		* Birthday
		* Current Location
		* Relationship Status
		* See https://developers.google.com/+/api/latest/people#resource for more.
	* Your gender, as registered with Google+.
	* Biometric face-tracking and hand-tracking data.

This list may have expanded since this software or document was last updated,
via an update to the Google Hangouts API. At the time of writing, the above list
is, to the best knowledge of the developer(s), current.


===============================================================================
WHAT IS DONE WITH THIS INFORMATION?

This software does absolutely nothing with all the above information about you.
All it does is change the audio levels *you* hear in the Google Hangout.

However, use of this software in the context of Google Hangouts means that
Google, Inc. may collect information in accordance with their own privacy
policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).

Finally, the user of this software should be aware that normal use of this
software requires one or more downloads from a website. In the normal course of
servicing such a download, the download server may collect or log the user's
IP address, geolocation, appropriate cookies, and such other information that
may or may not be kept securely. The company owning the download service
(currently Google, Inc) is solely responsible for the security and retention of
this information, subject again to that entity's own privacy policy.

Therefore, if you are strongly concerned about the security or privacy of the
aforementioned information, the developer(s) of this software STRONGLY URGE you
to discontinue using this software. The developer(s) disclaim any
responsibility or liability for the privacy or security of any personal
information you expose to this software.

The developer(s) take your informational privacy EXTREMELY SERIOUSLY. We've
done our best to protect you, but the developers are human beings subject to
error. If you have ANY concerns, PLEASE create an issue at
https://code.google.com/p/google-hangouts-mafia/issues/list with the details.
