Copyright (c) 2014, Joshua Pawlicki
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

===============================================================================
TERMS OF SERVICE

By accessing and using this software, you agree to be bound by the following
terms of service. Additionally, if using this software in the context of Google
Hangouts or any other hosting service, you agree to be bound by the terms of
service of Google Hangouts or the other hosting service.

You agree to the following clauses:

1) I, the user of the software, will do my utmost to be a good and moral
person, except in the case that I am a spy.

You may be released from the above clause in the instance of meta-ethical or
normative moral relitivism.

2) I, the user of the software, will not use the software for any purpose that
inflicts physical, financial, informational, emotional, or any other sort of
harm on another human being, by express intent or through negligent or
irresponsible use of the software, expect in the case that doing so will help
me to win the game that this software implements. Even in this exception case,
I agree that such use of the software is likely to cause me to lose friends
and that I and only I am responsible for this.

3) I, the user of the software, will not be a grammar/spelling nazi.
